Set cores (#23)
carpentries-incubator/hpc-workflows: _episodes/02-snakefiles.md

Snakemake as follows:

~~~
snakemake --cores 1
~~~
{: .language-bash}

> The number of cores to use is a required argument for versions 5.11 and 
> above of Snakemake.  It is possible to use more cores, but a single core 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of cores to use (`--cores`) is a required argument for recent versions
of Snakemake.  It is possible to use more cores, but a single core 
```

Author: It may be helpful to specify versions explicitly. Features in some Python packages can change rapidly,

Reviewer: In my opinion, as Snakemake is currently at v7.x, you might even get rid of the mention of versions and say "... is a required argument." But perhaps there are a lot of people running old versions of the tool for some reason I am not aware of. 

However, I really do not feel strongly about this change, so feel free to ignore/reject it.

Author: Will leave that as is for now. Hopefully it will be updated in a year or so.

is sufficient for now.  It is also possible to indicate the number of

> cores using `-c 1`, which will be used going forward. By default, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cores using `-c`, which will be used going forward. By default, 
```
